NAME
	mergeSort

DESCRIPTION
	Takes in csv through stdin prints the values into sorted order
	
	-c [header name](required)
		required to choose witch heading to sort by.
		
USE EXAMPLE
    cat movie_metadata.csv | ./sorter.out -c movie_title

AUTHORS
	Thomas Rathbun
	Eric Rogers

INFORMATION
	Sorter takes the string data and stores it all in a linked list.
	Each node contains a char** in order to store files with varying
	numbers of headers. 

	ReadData reads data from stdin, after checking that each line has
	data to place into a node, and that it is not whitespace, the
	node is created and the line is seperated by the ','. Each value
	is stored at node[i]->data[j].

	PrintData uses a node* to move throught the Linked List printing
	the data line by line.

	CheckString takes two arguements, string1 and string2. These two
	strings are compared based on letter order and ignores whitespace
	and quotations. This function returns an int -1 if string1 is 
	first lexographically, 1 if string2 is first lexographically or
	0 if the two strings are equivalent.

	Merge takes two lists, compares them based on the value that was
	selected at execution using -c and merges them with the resulting
	sorted. If the left list is NULL it returns the right list,
	because there is nothing to compare.If the right list is NULL it
	returns the left list, because there is nothing to compare.
	Then the comparisons are made. If the comparator returns < 0 the
	left list is placed at the head of the result and it's next node
	is the result of a recursive merge using the next element of the
	left and the current element of the right. If the comparator 
	returns > 0, the same is done except the resulting list is set to
	the right list and the next node is the result of the left list
	merged with the next node of the right list.

	Subdivide splits the list in half. This is done by using two 
	pointers. One which is slow, the other which is fast. The fast
	node moves twice as many nodes as the first. When the fast node
	reaches the end of the list the slow node will be at the half way
	point.

	Mergesort creates a left list, a right list, and a result list.
	The result is set to the head of the list and if it or its next
	node are NULL, the list is already sorted, either one data entry
	or no data entries. The list is them subdivided into the left and
	right lists, and then each list is called in a recursive 
	Mergesort call. Each list will be subdivided into singular lists.
	once they cannot be subdivided anymore the will continue to the
	merge function which will merge the lists in order.

THOUGHTS ABOUT THE PROJECT
	 In the beggining the project seemed like it be easy but,
	 reading in the values became a problem when the file had 
	 data missing from some entries. Having used a char** to store
	 the data as apposed to using an array of strings with known
	 elements made it difficult to keep the data in its appropriate
	 order. Using a char** was to create a generic sorting program
	 which could sort files with varying numbders of headers.
	 
	 In order to counteract this issue, I tried many things,different
	 four loops with multiple copies of the line and the strtok()
	 function in order to track how many leading commas were in the
	 file at any given point. This was an awful decision and after
	 researching different methods, my partner and I came accross the
	 strsep() function. This did exactly what we needed and allowed	
	 us to keep the sorter generic. 

	 Another issue in the beggining was trying to treat the sorting
	 algorithm as if it was sorting an array. Though the technique of
	 divide and conquor was the same, the use of pointers as apposed
	 to multiple arrays lead to a more confusing time coding. The
	 subdivide function required the node *head as well as node**
	 left and node** right. These needed to be double pointers in 
	 order to change what the actually pointed to, outside the
	 function. 
	 
	 Still at this point our sorter is not complete. It can only 
	 sort strings. Trying from the begging to make this program
	 run on generic data, and not having a good way to handle
	 missing data, lead to a lot of trial and error, and lead
	 to lots of wasted time. Also seeing that the data should
	 be sorted in Lexicalgraphical order, in the same way that
	 strcmp() does, made if seem as though strcmp was the best
	 choice for a string comparator; writing one that could ignore
	 quotations and skip spaces seemed to produce more accurate
	 results. 





